Planning
http://www.maths.usyd.edu.au/u/UG/JM/DATA1001/r/current/projects/Project1_DATA1901.html
When you change something with some stuff, it might be best to put it as a comment so that we can have two people suggesting it. 
Contact Details

Callum Predavec
callumpredavec@gmail.com
0427701313
Shupeng Han
h.linux717@gmail.com
0466343063
Poorvesh Muthuraman
m.poorvesh@gmail.com
0466809539
Working Together
Share R document by Google Drive?
Use git?
How do you use Git?
Timeline
Week 2
Find datasets - not ones from R
Add urls and examples to document
Week 2-3 Weekend
Assess datasets and select dataset
Maybe a conference call? 
Play around with graduate admission data
Come up with research questions
Find more info for IDA
Learn about git
Maybe read RGuide?
Week 3
Share research questions by tutorial 
Numerical summary
Presentation creation
Including Timing
Report Writing
Week 4
Graphical summary
Practice presentation
Report Review

Week 4 End
PROJECT TURNIN
All materials that we need for the presentation must be turned in at this point
Week 5
Immediate presentation

Selected Datasets
https://www.kaggle.com/mohansacharya/graduate-admissions Graduate Admission data

Research Questions
Callum
Does research correlate with a higher admission chance?
This is a bit simple without being able to generate case-control data
I can’t figure out how to use R to generate that data - the libraries are too complex
Do the test scores positively correlate with each other?
Do the writing scores positively correlate with each other?
Do the test scores and the writing scores positively correlate?
Is there any difference between identical test scores’ chance of admission depending on research? (similar test scores maybe? Like in the same range)
How does university rating affect the scores?
Does SOP affect chance of admit more than GRE scores? (“is one more important than the other” question. Not sure if we can do it but seems fun to do)

Should test for statistical significance

SP: my suggestion is that we choose RQs of different difficulty/complexity level. Like from the easiest to the most complicated. 

